Host brother
Intalented host brother
I can't find a solution to you.
What you said is true
Love flower poison is easy to solve
But I'm afraid it's a little difficult
Even if you have great difficulties, I am not afraid not to pay it back
Tell me how to cure you of love flower poison?
Do you know Prince Xue?
Prince Xue
You are talking about contemporary divine doctor Xue Pingzhi
Only his old man can solve it in the ancient world
If he has been in seclusion for more than ten years
It may be difficult to ask him to come out of the mountain
Anyway.
I will ask Mr. Xue to detoxify Xiaoxue
Wuhan, thank you, slow down.
Brother Chu Cheng carried me all the way
Why don't you let me down and rest for a while? It's alright.
It's already at the foot of the mountain.
Immediately, I will take you to find the new prince to get sick
That Prince Xue is a kind and filial teacher
Take saving lives and helping the wounded as your mission
If you can find him
He will definitely promise to treat Su Xuan
But he has four apprentices to mess with
These four disciples are Qiao Du